Add security considerations to readme (#137)
ssbc/ssb-tribes2: README.md

You can set the secret stack config `config.tribes2.timeoutScale` to control how slowly the client should try to fix a conflicting state, where other clients might be trying to fix the same conflict at the same time. By default `1000`, which gives a timeout between 5s-30s. A higher value reduces the risk of creating new conflicts since other clients don't do the same conflict resolution at the same time, but increase the time that the group is in an unstable state. A lower number corrects things faster but increases the risk of ending up in new conflicts.

## Security considerations

> While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this module is not fit for use in safety critical situations. Neither the code nor the specification has been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a solid implementation, and a bugfree spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we have tried our best to create a secure end-to-end encrypted communication protocol, this module is not fit for use in safety critical situations. Neither the code nor the specification has been vetted by an independent party. Even assuming a solid implementation, and a bug-free spec, we have intentionally left out several security features that are considered state of the art in other apps such as Signal, such as "forward secrecy".
```
